[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[whistling]
-[megaphone blares]
-Where is justice?
[Mr. Lee on megaphone] We want justice!
Babel Chem must repent!
We want justice! We want justice!
OUT WITH BABEL CHEMICALS
BABEL CHEMICALS
MUST BE HELD RESPONSIBLE
Life is passing while I cough up blood!
Babel Chem must repent!
-[monks chanting]
-[Mi-ri] Babel!
This performance shows
the painful struggle of the victim.
Their blood is on your hands!
[chanting continues]
MURDEROUS BABEL CHEMICALS
MUST BE GONE
THE TRUTH WILL BE REVEALED
What the hell is all this BS?
Let's go.
Nutcases. Let's go.
LIFE
[suspenseful music]
[laughs]
I think they've gone downhill.
-[chuckles]
-The broth is awful.
-Let's find somewhere else for lunch.
-Yes, sir.
[woman shrieks]
Oh, no!
-[groans]
-Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry.
-It's all over you. You're soaked.
-Hey! Stop!
Oh, I can't see that well
without my contacts.
-Put that…
-Leave him alone.
-You got some here!
-[Judge Heo] Stop it! Stop it!
-Get off! What are you doing?
-Sir, are you all right?
Oh, forgive me.
Please, at least let me pay
for your dry cleaning.
-No. Just go.
-Okay.
-[groans]
-Sorry again.
You sure you're okay? You sure?
Hey, wait. Where'd you go?
[Judge Heo] You're not supposed
to see the judge before the trial.
[Mr. Han laughs]
I had to at least say hello, sir.
[Judge Heo laughs]
You left us to go and work for this guy?
He said he'd treat me well.
I hope that makes two of us then.
Half my job is cleaning up
after Babel Group trials.
Of course, I'll repay you. Both you
and our association will be taken care of.
Good, good.
But keep that part quiet, okay?
-[Mr. Han laughs]
-[Judge Heo] Just between us.
Yes, sir. You help us out.
And we'll help you, right?
Well, I don't think today's trial
will be too challenging.
The plaintiff's evidence is really flimsy.
Here's hoping
your very first trial goes well.
I hope so too.
Thank you, sir.
[water dripping]
[indistinct chattering]
[Mr. Han] What?
What is this?
I'm afraid there's water leaking
somewhere upstairs.
[staff] We're looking into it.
So move us to another room then.
All the other chambers are in use.
I'm sorry, sir.
[Mr. Han] Poor construction, I guess.
-Who built this, anyway?
-Babel E&C.
What?
They used to be known as Haemun E&C.
Their name is engraved
on a plaque out there.
[Ms. Choi] This is nothing.
About twice a year, the toilets leak too.
This is a government building.
I mean, it shouldn't be falling apart.
[Joon-woo] You said it, sir.
I mean, who's in charge here?
And I bet that Babel E&C
is better than Haemun.
-Joon-woo, having fun?
-Mm-hm.
-Happy? Excited?
-Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
And your job is to have fun, is it?
Move it!
Sorry, boss.
[Yeon-jin] Come on.
PLAINTIFF'S TABLE
[breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music]
[exhales sharply]
B**** C******* INDUSTRIAL ACCIDENT CASE
IN PROGRESS
EPISODE 6
Hey, Mr. Nam.
-I have a question.
-Sure. What is it?
When the judge comes in, we have to stand.
-Mm-hm.
-But…
what happens if you don't?
Yeah, I'm curious about that too.
Up to 5 years in jail
or a fine of 50 million won.
[audience exclaim]
Really?
They can lock you up
for like sitting down?
Kidding. Nothing happens if you don't.
Come on! I almost had a heart attack.
-[Mr. Nam snickers]
-[groans]
So what's with the standing anyway?
It's not like we know the guy.
Okay.
[clears throat]
But it's not really for the judge.
It's… Hmm…
It's to show respect for his rulings
and his authority.
-"Respect? Respect?"
-Yeah.
They always let the rich people win.
It's never fair for us.
Yeah.
I can't respect someone like that.
-Mm.
-[Yeon-Jin] You're right.
Fine. I certainly will not be standing.
As a martial artist, I will sit strong.
Me too. I'll show them
what it means to resist through art.
[laughs]
We are also going to stay seated.
Strengthened by the Buddha himself.
[Mr. Tak laughs]
Let's all stay seated.
It will be like a show.
-Like we did out there, yeah?
-[Mr. Nam] Yeah.
You're sure they can't do anything
to us, right?
No. No, they can't.
They can't arrest all of us.
Oh. This looks like it'll be a show
of solidarity.
Is everybody okay with this?
-Mm-hm.
-Yeah.
-[Mr. Tak] All right, then.
-Let's do this.
[bailiff]
All rise for the Honorable Judge.
So much for solidarity, I guess.
[exhales sharply]
[Judge Heo shrieks, groans]
-[thuds]
-[audience exclaims]
[all gasp]
[staff] Your Honor, are you all right?
Come on. I've got you. Come on.
[Judge Heo grunting]
Why did you put wet plastic on the floor?
Oh, sorry, sir.
There's a water leak, I'm afraid.
A leak? This isn't some waterpark.
It's a court of law!
-Oh, my back.
-Easy.
[grunts]
[groans]
[Judge Heo clears throat]
[water dripping]
Based on the materials we submitted,
it's clear that the researchers
were derelict in their duties,
neglected the appropriate
safety regulations,
and were exposed to the toxins.
[breathing heavily]
However, they decided to cast the blame
on to the company,
calling it an industrial accident.
Will the plaintiff's attorney
dispute this claim?
Yes, Your Honor.
[breathes heavily]
We have enough evidence…
[woman 1] What's wrong with her?
[woman 2] What is going on?
…to refute.
-What's wrong, counsel?
-Your Honor.
Lately, I've been…
I've been suffering from a panic disorder.
[Ms. Choi laughs]
[chuckles]
-Oh, my god.
-A panic disorder?
[woman 1] Oh, no. What are we going to do?
[woman 2] I have no idea.
Your Honor…
May I take my medication?
Fine, go ahead.
[laughs]
[rattles]
[gulps]
[Judge Heo] You may continue, counsel.
[breathes heavily]
We plan to refute these…
-[groans]
-[loud thud]
[audience exclaims]
-[woman 1] What?
-[woman 2] Ms. Hong!
[Mr. Lee] Are you okay?
She'll be okay.
[woman 2] What do we do?
[Mr. Lee] Someone call 911 now!
[Vincenzo]
When someone is about to win big,
at a Mafia-owned gambling house,
you know what they do?
First thing the mob does,
is remove the dealer.
The dealer?
So, for our trial, the "dealer" would be…
-Hm?
-Mm.
-[man 1] Is she okay?
-[man 2] Are you okay?
-Doctor!
-[woman 1] What should we do?
Cha-Young! Cha-Young!
Come on, wake up!
[Mr. Lee] Quick, someone call 911!
-[screaming]
-I heard the moment she fell.
-Did you hear it?
-[screaming continues]
[Mr. Lee] I don't know!
Call 911!
[Yeon-Jin] I just know she hit her head.
[Judge Heo] Silence!
Settle down.
-Lieutenant, call 911 right away.
-Yes, Your Honor.
Cha-young.
Uh, usually, in the absence of…
the plaintiff's lawyer,
it would be impossible to continue.
However, due to the time-sensitive nature
of today's issue,
we cannot postpone the trial.
We are going to take a short recess,
and consult with the doctor
on the counsel's condition.
And this afternoon,
we will resume the trial once again.
[Cha-young] What if it doesn't work?
[Vincenzo] What do you think?
You have to get up.
-Oh, look.
-She got up!
-Oh!
-Looks like she's all right.
-She's okay.
-Oh, yeah. Yeah, she's fine.
Oh…
You all right?
[Judge Heo] Are you all right?
Yes… Your Honor. I'm much better.
[clearing throat]
DEFENDANT'S TABLE
Why did you run over there?
She was obviously faking it.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
[Judge Heo] Now, let us resume.
The plaintiff's attorney may now respond.
Seeing as the materials weren't submitted,
I will elaborate on their contents.
[Cha-young] The evidence states…
-[audience exclaims]
-What's happening?
[woman] What's going on?
[indistinct chatter]
[Mr. Lee] What do we do?
[Mr. Tak] What's happening?
[Cha-young] What if they remove
the dealer but the game continues?
Then…
what they do next
is turn off all the lights,
so, no one can play.
[upbeat music]
[Judge Heo] Order. Settle down.
[gasps]
Oh, no!
Why did all the lights go out at once?
[frustrated sigh]
Your Honor, we cannot possibly continue
without stenography.
Just a minute. They may come back on.
-What did you say, sir?
-[Yeon-jin] What?
Your Honor,
I can't hear you without your microphone.
-[Yeon-jin] Me neither.
-[Larry] It's too quiet.
[Mr. Lee] Speak up, please.
Wow, what an embarrassing mess this is,
wouldn't you say?
[clears throat]
Can you get your laptop?
[stammers]
Of course, Your Honor.
It's impossible to record quickly
or accurately on a laptop.
It'll work fine.
She just needs to record the main points.
-[audience exclaims]
-[Mr. Tak] What? This isn't right.
[Mr. Lee] I don't like it.
[Larry] She should be
recording everything.
[Yeon-jin] Yeah.
[Mr. Tak] Are they even allowed
to do that?
[Mi-ri] I don't know.
-[Mr. Tak] Yeah, something's wrong.
-[Yeon-jin] What's happening?
[Mr. Lee] She might miss something.
[Cha-young] What if the players insist on
continuing the game no matter what?
As a final resort,
they force everybody out
with complete and utter chaos.
SEOUL NAMDONGBU DISTRICT COURT
WITNESS STAND
She's back.
I know.
Okay.
[clears throat]
[inhales deeply, sighs]
[Mr. Lee] Not yet. Not yet.
-[Mr. Lee shushing]
-Take it easy.
-[Mr. Lee] Shh!
-That's it.
All right. You may now continue, counsel.
Your Honor, the story painted
by the defense
that the researchers at Babel Chemicals
neglected safety regulations
is to be blunt, shameless,
cunning and evil.
It's a big, fat lie!
[Ms. Choi] Objection, Your Honor.
This has no relevance to the case.
It's meaningless and it's inflammatory.
[Judge Heo] Objection sustained.
Careful, counsel.
-Yeah.
-[Yeon-jin] Now?
[Mr. Nam] Yes, now.
[buzzing]
[hornet buzzing]
-[Mr. Lee] Do you hear that?
-[Yeon-jin] Yeah, I hear that.
[Mr. Lee] That buzzing, what is that?
-[Yeon-jin] I… I'm not sure.
-[Mr. Lee] What's going on?
[Hui-su] Yeah, what is that?
[Mr. Tak] It's so loud.
[murmuring]
[Judge Heo] All right. What's going on?
-[buzzing]
-What is that? A drone?
Who's doing that?
You need to stop flying drones
in this courtroom right now.
[gasps, stammers]
-Look, up there. What's that?
-[Larry] Where? What?
-[man 1] What is that?
-[woman 1] I can't see.
[gasps]
Giant hornets! Run for your lives!
No, no, no!
[Mr. Lee]
If it stings you, you'll be dead.
Run, run. Everyone, go!
Everybody, run!
[comical music]
[comical music continues]
Go! Get out of here! Go! Hurry!
-Hurry up. Run!
-Ms. Choi, we should get out of here!
Those hornets don't mess around.
If you get stung…
-[groans]
-I'm not moving!
This is ridiculous!
[sucks teeth]
[comical music]
[whistling]
[scoffs]
[Cha-young] Get out. Hurry!
[Mr. Lee] Out of the way. Move it! Help.
Will you all just sit down?
[Judge Heo] I won't stand for this.
If you don't come back in right now,
I'll have you all barred
from my courtroom.
[Cha-young]
But how can we cause enough chaos
to really stick it to the judge.
We'll have to think on that, I guess.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[Mr. Lee] Ms. Hong.
Oh, hello, Mr. Lee.
[chuckles]
I'd like you to have this nectar.
My uncle made it, from live hornets.
Here, try some.
Made from hornets?
Oh!
[groans]
[upbeat music]
[chuckles]
[hornets buzzing]
-[man] Here.
-[Mr. Lee] Thank you.
[man] Now, they're dangerous.
They're unconscious right now.
Careful when you take them out.
They can be deadly.
[Yeon-jin] We should add the honey first.
-No. The water goes first.
-No, not the water. Not yet.
The honey has to go first.
-No, look, the honey stays on top.
-I don't need layering.
[Mr. Lee] Great idea. Get it in there.
Now, more. More, more.
[sucks fingers]
[water burbling]
[thuds]
[suspenseful music]
Everybody just calm down! Get back here!
[buzzing]
-[splat]
-[screams]
-[Judge Heo] My eyes!
-[staff] Your Honor!
[Judge Heo] Help! My eyes!
[Judge Heo groans]
[tense music]
[buzzing]
Damn it.
-[Yeon-jin] You got stung here?
-[Mr. Lee groans]
-I'm sorry.
-It could've been worse.
-You're not gonna die, right?
-Am I gonna be okay?
Take it easy.
-But…
-It's not a big deal.
-Does it really hurt?
-[groans]
[Judge Heo] Good morning.
The judge has returned. All rise.
[clears throat]
[all gasp]
[sighs in irritation]
[gasps]
Oh!
[all gasping]
-[giggles]
-Stop that.
-[laughing softly]
-His face is all… swollen.
Even I couldn't do that
with special effects.
-[groans]
-[Yeon-jin] That is so scary.
What the…
[audience exclaiming]
[gasps, groans]
[exhales]
You may now take your seats.
This is incredible.
[sighs]
Help us, Sacred Buddha.
[soft giggling]
[snickering]
[muffled]
I can…
no longer go on with this trial today.
[muffled laugh]
Due to the gravity of this case…
[breathing heavily]
…we will…
What is he saying?
[Judge Heo] We will continue…
-What?
-I have no idea.
-I don't know.
-Do you know what's going on?
…the trial a week from now.
-[groans]
-[all exclaiming]
-Your Honor! Are you all right?
-Your Honor!
[staff 1]
Your Honor! Wake up! Your Honor!
[staff 2] No. Are you all right?
[all exclaiming]
[groaning]
-[staff 1] Oh, good.
-[staff 2] Come on.
-Be careful. Off we go now.
-Here. Off we go.
[Mr. Nam] Let's go.
-Good work, everyone. Nice one.
-Thank you.
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
[snickers]
[sighs]
You should be ashamed of yourself.
You turn the trial into a joke
with your circus act just to buy a week?
Sorry, a circus?
You say that you're a lawyer,
but a real lawyer wouldn't disgrace
themselves with that immature shit.
What are you on about?
That performance was pure art.
We had some nice rising action,
but that climax…
Oh! Bravo.
[scoffs]
And you think what we did was underhanded?
How would you describe a judge
bribed by Babel and Wusang Law
colluding with him?
Seems about the same
as our little fantasy, doesn't it?
Since when did you become
such a champion of justice?
[gasps]
Did someone write that line
for you or what?
I don't care about justice.
So why are you trying
so hard to fight back?
Because of you.
Wusang and Babel are both pathetic.
What did you say?
I said they're both pathetic and someone…
needs to slap the shit out of them.
I'll see you in a week.
[hums]
Hmm…
That damn girl is, uh… crazy.
[Yeon-jin] Are you okay?
-It stung your butt.
-[Mr. Lee] My butt can take it.
[Cha-young] You guys did great.
-[Yeon-jin] She's here?
-[Hui-su] Where?
[cheering]
-[Yeon-jin] Great job!
-[Larry] Awesome!
[Hui-su] You're the best!
-[Yeon-jin] Let's go.
-[Chaesin] Bye.
-[Yeon-jin] I'm starving.
-Yes, let's head back.
[sighs in relief]
[laughter]
[Yeon-jin] Hurry up.
So, it looks like Zumba Snake
is on the war path.
"Zumba Snake"?
Choi Myung-hee.
She's a snake that does a lot of Zumba.
Said what we did was underhanded.
Like she's one to talk.
[scoffs]
This one Mafia family has a motto.
They say, "The strongest punch
always comes from behind."
That's right.
Fight dirty… if you want to win.
[laughs]
And as a bonus,
your opponent is humiliated.
I'm gonna be so ready for next week. Yup.
Wonderful!
[tummy grumbles]
[groans]
But let's get something to eat first.
All right?
I'm starving. My blood sugar's low.
[Vincenzo] Go on without me.
I have somewhere to be.
Can't you eat first?
No. It's urgent.
[Cha-young] Where's he going?
Oh, wait. Today is…
Tuesday.
Is he going there?
What do you mean?
Since the Korean constitution was
established on July 17, 1948,
there have never been giant hornets
in the courtroom, ever.
Okay? Never! Check.
-[groans]
-[Mr. Han scoffs]
In my 25-year practice,
I have never seen anything like that.
[laughs]
Never. Not once!
[groans]
That hurts, boss.
-Oh, it hurts?
-Yeah.
How about this? How about this?
And this? And this? And this?
[groaning]
Yes, sir.
-[groans]
-Yeah, well…
my first trial with your firm
is a complete disaster.
[Ms. Choi sighs]
I really hate those pricks.
Of all the things they could've done,
they had to bring in hornets?
[laughs]
What are we going to do?
I thought we were the experts
at playing dirty.
Uh, we don't play dirty. We're…
What's it called? We're…
Strategic. Exactly. We're strategic.
That's right.
Shut up.
None of us were above it.
You are such a hypocrite.
-[sighs]
-With the trial postponed,
-there's no winner yet.
-[groans]
They beat us today. They won.
[Mr. Han] It's true.
[truck horn honking]
You sons of bitches!
I am gonna rip out your eyes!
HANJU PRISON FOR WOMEN
[cell opening]
[sighs]
[Mr. Nam] What am I going to do?
[Vincenzo] What?
-What is it?
-Well…
Mr. Hong was the public defender
for Ms. Oh Gyeong-ja.
[Mr. Nam] She's currently in prison.
He was always looking out for her.
And the last Tuesday of every month
he'd pay her a visit.
[Mr. Nam]
But now that he's gone, well, I guess…
that won't happen anymore.
[door clanking]
[dramatic music]
Oh.
Hello.
Sit, please.
How are you feeling?
Oh…
I'm doing okay.
There's less pain today at least.
Ever since Mr. Hong passed away,
I figured no one would come to visit.
Thank you so much for being here.
You shouldn't be thanking me.
I've only come to tell you
that I won't be back.
[breathy sigh]
You should ask your friends
or family for help.
I… I have no one.
Your husband?
Your children?
I have none.
[dramatic music]
Uh…
You're saying you have no family?
[Vincenzo chuckles]
I get that you were wrongly accused.
[scoffs]
But still there's surely a reason
why you drove everyone away.
[exhales sharply]
You know, sometimes,
your life isn't what you dreamed
it would be.
No matter how hard they try,
some people will never get to live
their happy ending.
Yeah, well maybe, they should…
stop making excuses.
Yes.
My life was full of excuses.
I'm sorry for living this way.
It's too late now.
Spend the rest of your life
thinking about the ones
you truly hurt.
[Vincenzo] Goodbye.
We won't ever…
meet again, will we?
[inhales]
[exhales sharply]
I am leaving Korea.
This isn't my home.
[Mrs. Oh] Wait.
Goodbye, sir.
[dramatic music]
[door closes]
[sighs]
[lighter clicks]
[man in Italian]
Are you Ju-hyeong?
[woman in Italian]
Ju-hyeong, we are going to be a family.
But… But I…
My mom…
Mommy said she would come back
for me very soon.
[young Vincenzo crying]
She said I should wait here
and that she'd come back for me.
[sniffles]
I want my mommy!
She's coming back.
[crying softly]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[camera shutter clicks]
[Toto singing]
♪ Here's to Italia ♪
Sir, ma'am, your pepperoni pizza.
[camera shutter clicks]
Once people hear about this place
on my blog, it'll blow up.
In three days, guaranteed.
You're doing me a big favor.
[both laugh]
You got so many likes
on this pizza from the party,
but it's not that special.
What? Well…
But we can, like, put in a good word
if we can get this food for free.
I see, uh…
[Toto] Free.
[laughs]
That puts me in a pickle.
Try savoring it.
All the Italian flavors
are just so magical if you give them time.
[nervous chuckle]
You should try this.
It's just way too strong.
Hey!
If they ask for some jalapeños,
we are out. None left. Got it?
And do not give them any freebies.
-They're just terrible.
-Yup.
And why are you crying?
[phone buzzing]
[buzzing continues]
DIRECTOR TAE
[sighs]
Yes, sir?
-[Director Tae] Are you crying?
-No, sir. Not at all.
So then, you're drunk
in the middle of the day.
No. No.
Where are you?
I'm running a few little errands.
Get back here right now.
[Director Tae] It's an emergency.
-Yes, sir.
-[line cuts]
[sobbing softly]
[crying]
I'm sorry.
[crying continues]
[chuckles]
[bell ringing]
-[Vincenzo] Sir.
-[Jeokha] Ah. Hello.
[groans]
[clears throat]
I need to thank you for your work today.
[chuckles softly]
My pleasure.
And I would like to thank you as well.
So, what's this for?
[sighs]
There is an abandoned church nearby
that Babel E&C took possession of.
This cross has been lying on the ground
for quite some time.
But what will you do with it now?
I plan on donating it
to the Geumga Church.
Unlike some, they will see the value.
Good day.
Uh, sir…
would you care to help me?
[clears throat]
Sure.
[both grunting]
[bell ringing]
Well, thank you very much
for helping me to carry the cross.
[laughs]
Sir, do you mind if I ask you a question?
Please, ask away.
Say I travel far away,
leave all cares behind me…
do you think that I'll stop
feeling so angry?
[Jeokha sighs]
It doesn't matter where you go.
You could travel to the ends of the earth.
What really matters is the anger.
If it's still inside of you,
it cannot be left behind.
[chuckles]
So are you saying that…
that what I need is enlightenment?
In order to rid yourself of your anger,
you must face it head on.
Stand your ground and fight back.
Enlightenment?
It happens when the battle is won.
[wistful music]
[exhales sharply]
Should I have someone follow
Vincenzo and Cha-young?
There's no need.
See, I'll always be one step ahead.
What is this?
Don't tell me you've made
your move already?
-[snickers]
-[Mr. Han] Incredible!
You are just incredible.
-Get the tech team in here.
-Tech team?
The tech team.
Get me the tech team.
The tech team. Got it?
LAW FIRM WUSANG
You're all set.
REP. ATTORNEY HAN SEUNG-HYUK
[Ms. Choi] I dropped off a lovely plant
for their office.
It's transmitting live.
Turn up the volume, huh?
You know, that if people catch us spying
like this, there's going to be trouble.
I thought you wanted results?
And that's exactly
why we can't get caught.
All right.
It's weird.
Two days now, but all I can hear is music.
Something's got to happen
in there eventually.
[loud growling]
[yelps]
What is that?
LAWYER HONG CHA-YOUNG,
I HOPE YOU LEARN TO BE HUMBLE
[growling, snarling]
-[shrieking over speaker]
-[scoffs]
-[snickers]
-[snarling continues]
[laughs]
What? What is it? Are you okay?
[guffawing]
Stop it. You're freaking me out.
[Cha-young]
How did you know the plant was bugged?
[chuckles]
They make great house plants
because they barely need watering.
[Vincenzo] They're a perfect spot to hide
small electrical devices.
In fact, I've heard stories
of intelligence services
using them for wiretapping.
Hmm. Disgusting.
Even her cheap tricks are old-fashioned.
You know, you sound pretty impressive
talking about this stuff.
Isn't it just common sense?
[scoffs]
I see. "Common sense."
It can't be that common,
because I've got none. Right?
[laughs softly]
-[snarls quietly]
-Ignorance isn't a sin,
but refusing to learn is.
Well then, I guess I'll be a sinner.
Stay in the dark.
[chuckles]
I've asked Mr. Nam to be on the lookout
for shopping districts
over in Sangchi-dong.
[spritzing]
You're really getting them a new place.
Yeah.
[Vincenzo]
I'll be paying for it all too. A gift.
This place…
is it that important to you?
I just want everything to be settled.
[chuckles softly]
Then, I guess, you need to hurry up.
You've helped so many people here already.
I have to study for the hearing.
I'll see you later on.
Wait a second.
I…
[wistful music]
-[shrieks]
-[Cha-young gasps]
Huh? What is that? You're a magician now?
Or like a wizard?
My blind date wants to see me
a second time.
[grunts]
Well, that's great, but this is wrong.
She's gonna want to run away.
Run away? No, no, no!
She can run straight into my heart.
[whistles]
Right.
-So, what? You're running too?
-[door closes]
Mr. Cassano.
[door closes]
If you're not too busy,
let's have a drink together.
Something other than beer.
Do you have something to say?
Do you only drink
when you have something to say?
It'll help with our partnership.
It'll be fun.
Are you buying?
[Director Teo] What is wrong with you?
I told you not to look
into that damn Mafia stuff.
How dare you ignore my orders,
and… and what? Moonlight as a chef?
How do you know about that?
This is the National Intelligence service.
It only took me 10 minutes
to figure it all out.
Yes, I know, sir.
You have no respect for me at all, do you?
[groans]
Oh, oh, my blood pressure.
I'm sorry, sir.
DIRECTOR TAE JONG-GU
Look at these.
Two parties have asked for background
checks on Vincenzo Cassano.
One is Wusang Law Firm,
and the other is Babel Group.
What the hell could he be doing for them
to take such interest?
So, perhaps he's starting a gang?
Or is he getting some money together?
I haven't uncovered anything unusual yet,
but I will, sir.
-What's going on?
-I'll write up a report,
and I'll get it to you
as soon as possible.
And as for these requests…
I'll reply to them myself.
Good. Great.
[sighs]
And… charge the company.
Don't spend your own money.
I know you're broke.
-No, I'm not, sir.
-Oh, stop it.
I know you're still in debt
from your mother-in-law's
hospitable bills.
[gasps]
Okay, sir.
[sniffles]
I appreciate it very much.
Sure. Now, go on.
I…
[Director Tae]
Oh, get out of here, you drama queen.
[sobs, chuckles]
[Cha-young laughing]
When I saw the judge's face,
I couldn't keep from laughing.
It was like someone covered
his face with playdough.
And when he was talking…
[babbling]
[laughing hysterically]
[sighs]
So, then…
you visited Ms. Oh Gyeong-ja
this afternoon, didn't you?
-And how did you know?
-[Cha-young] Mr. Nam told me.
Wasn't she the one in prison
who was falsely accused of murder?
I read it in my dad's files.
He even labeled it high priority.
Oh, I see.
Well, thank you.
I appreciate you visiting her
in his place.
I should've gone instead.
You've done so much better
than his own daughter.
I told her no one would be coming back.
What?
You don't need to take over
all of his responsibilities.
You should focus on your own work.
-But she's really sick, isn't she?
-Enough about her.
I need you to help me get
Geumga Plaza back.
[scoffs]
And how can I when you refuse
to tell me the reason?
Is that necessary?
Absolutely. I need it for my masterplan.
[sucks teeth]
Got it?
[exhales sharply]
[sucks teeth]
Promise this stays between us.
Promise you will never tell anyone.
What is it?
[snaps finger]
[exhales]
You want a drumroll?
[imitates drumroll]
[Vincenzo sighs]
Buried under the Plaza…
is one and a half tons of pure gold.
Seriously? One and a half?
How much is that worth exactly?
About 110 million euros,
or 150 billion won.
[gasps]
What the… Oh, my gosh.
However, there is a problem.
-You see--
-[shushes]
Buried under my house…
are 100 gold calves.
[cows mooing]
[laughs hysterically]
Oh, that's so funny.
[guffaws]
You had me going there for a second.
[sighs]
Are you saying that I'm lying?
So this is what you do when you're drunk.
You bullshit.
-"Bullshit"? "Bullshit"?
-I think we should call it a night.
-Let's go.
-"Bullshit"? Wait.
But what do you mean "bullshit"?
[grunts]
It's a compliment.
You even sound upset. Nice touch.
[Cha-young] I got this.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[chuckles]
[exhales]
Get a move on, Mansour Cassano!
[Cha-young laughs]
[Cha-young] Mr. Moneybags over here.
[exhales sharply]
It's not bullshit.
[phone buzzes]
Yes? Hello, Mr. Cho.
It's delivered.
All the equipment you asked for
is at your house.
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] We need to move quickly,
and we need a new plan
to retrieve the gold.
I'll hire some experts
and look into it again.
Right. Just in case,
let's make sure the explosive system
is still working well.
Since it uses electricity,
you should be able to detect it.
Sure, but how does that knowledge help us?
[Vincenzo] If the explosive system
malfunctioned, we can simply…
dig underneath the building,
keep it intact.
[Mr. Cho] All right.
I'll check with some experts
and get you an electrical tester.
[tense music]
[indistinct chattering]
[suspenseful music]
-[exhales sharply]
-[beeping]
[groans]
[sighs, sucks teeth]
[grunts]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[ominous music]
[tense music]
Why is it so hot in here?
[panting]
Why do they keep these on?
[device beeping]
[beeping continues]
[Mr. An] Why is an Italian mobster
in a temple bowing so respectfully?
[water drips]
-[electricity crackles]
-[groans]
[groaning]
[moaning]
[Mr. An] He's crying.
Are those tears of repentance?
A mafia consigliere
is bowing and weeping in front of Buddha.
What is going on?
Did he travel all this way…
to repent?
[Vincenzo sighs]
[breathes heavily]
[exhales]
Well, the system is working, all right.
Perfectly.
So perfectly.
[bangs floor]
[groans]
[Hui-su] It was.
The mission was a success.
-And then, the hornets too.
-[Yeon-jin] Absolutely perfect.
-How come you were such a good actor?
-[all] Here's to giant hornets!
I'd like to say something, if I may.
I thank you all so much for being there
to help U-yeong.
[Mr. Tak] Oh, it's all good.
[Hui-su] Oh, come on. It's nothing.
I mean, family helps each other.
Isn't that our motto?
Your compassion and desire to help,
you remind me of the Buddha.
-Thank you.
-Buddha.
[clears throat]
I just wanna say…
who else have you ever known who could
slip a giant hornet into a courtroom?
Even old James Bond couldn't do that.
-[Mr. Lee laughs]
-[Yeon-jin] You're right.
I bet James Bond wouldn't look as good
-with a swollen butt, either.
-[groans]
But I'm a martial artist.
Pain is nothing to me.
Remember the judge?
It knocked him right out.
-[Yeon-jin laughs]
-[groans]
I shouldn't sit down.
[groans]
Hey, I wanted to ask you.
How is U-yeong doing anyway?
He'll be starting chemotherapy soon,
and then we'll see how things go.
-But there's still hope, isn't there?
-Yes.
U-yeong's gonna be just fine.
-[Yeon-jin] He will. I know it.
-[Hui-su] Of course.
Oh, uh, I wanted to compliment
your performance.
-It was so beautiful.
-[coughs]
The pain was so present for me today.
I'm really happy it came through.
[claps]
Here we are.
Salami, cheese, and spaghetti vongole.
-[tenants cheering]
-[Mr. Lee] I'm hungry.
-It's gonna be good.
-[Toto] Enjoy. Dig in.
[Mr. Lee] Enjoy.
-[Mr. Tak] Let's me try a bite.
-It looks delicious.
It looks expensive.
I am truly sorry I couldn't be
at the trial today.
We had some popular influencer for lunch.
You missed a heck of a party.
-[Mr. Tak] Too bad for you.
-[claps]
Uh, so what should we do?
Are we going to have to move?
[clapping]
Oh, right. Mr. Nam told me that
Mr. Cassano asked him to look
for shopping plazas in Sangchi-dong
where we could all live.
Wait. Is that true?
And not only that, but he's gonna pay
for absolutely everything.
So, we could ask him to make sure
that our temple is built above ground.
[Mi-ri] You know what?
Ever since he first arrived,
I could feel his sincerity.
[sighs]
I don't know.
Okay, what are we doing, guys?
Well, I mean whatever the weather
that we'll have to weather…
I am so good. We're gonna have to move.
Yes! We have to.
I'd like to punch out Park Seok-do,
beat him down into the ground.
We need to stay totally safe.
Everybody in? Because I sure am.
-Me too.
-Me…
In the name of Buddha.
-Hallelujah. I'm in too.
-Me too.
[sighs]
I'm… I'm down.
[yelping]
[all screaming]
Wait. That's the homeless guy
from the station.
-You're right.
-[exclaims]
I saw him in the rain
shouting and dancing.
[Mr. Tak] I think his name is Gilbert.
[Mi-ri] Well, what does he…
Wait, Gilbert? Are you sure?
[Mr. Tak] I don't know if it's true,
but that's what he told me.
-[women gasp]
-[Larry] Don't let him in.
-Oh, my god.
-[Mr. Tak] Don't let him in. Don't, don't…
I would like… I'd like a bottle of beer,
and one of those. Please.
-Get out. Out!
-[all exclaim in disagreement]
Toto, today's a good day. We can share.
-[Yeon-jin] Yeah.
-He must be starving.
-I mean, just look at him.
-[laughs]
No, wait. Stop. Don't sit.
Just wait right there.
[Toto] Hang on.
You look so familiar.
Do I know you?
Well, if you give me something to eat,
then I'll tell you something important.
Something that could change
all your lives.
Great! Here we go.
It's never too late to change my life.
You are all really lucky.
[foreboding music]
REPORT ON VINCENZO CASSANO
CONSIGLIERE TO THE CASSANO FAMILY
[Mr. An] It's a secret agent's duty
to deliver accurate information.
[inhales deeply]
HANDSOME, DOE-EYED
However…
Hmm.
Yeah. I need some more time.
It's not time yet.
Not yet.
[keyboard clacking]
[tense music]
GEUMGA PLAZA
[somber music]
Hello! Good morning!
[Jeokha] If you are all at peace,
let us return inside.
[somber music continues]
[Mr. Nam] What are they doing?
It's too early for performance art.
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY
INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
VINCENZO CASSANO
ATTORNEY JANG JOON-WOO
ACTIVITIES AND AWARDS
VOLUNTEERED AS A TEACHER
IN TANZANIA, AFRICA
MILAN PHILANTHROPISTS' CLUB
YEAR-END CEREMONY
[mouse scrolling]
POPE BERNARDO AND VINCENZO CASSANO
ATTENDED THE FASHION MAGAZINE
VOGO'S CHARITY EVENT
[quirky music]
[scoffs]
He's Mr. Perfect.
Perfecto.
He's a famous human rights lawyer
in Milan,
as well as a celebrity,
and philanthropist.
On top of all that,
he's defended victims of the Mafia
and received many death threats.
[Ms. Choi sighs]
[groans]
This doesn't make sense.
It looks like everyone
in Italy's mob scene knows the guy.
[exhales]
I really doubt it.
-Hm.
-[phone buzzes]
[gasps]
Yes, Mr. Jang.
[Mr. Han] Yes.
Babel's Chairman.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
No, sir.
Oh. Today?
We will need you all to testify
during our second trial.
You'll need to be prepped for questioning
from myself and the defense attorney.
-Do you think we can do it?
-[Vincenzo] Don't worry.
We'll tell you our questions in advance,
and prepare you
for what the defense may ask.
Mr. Nam.
BABEL CHEMICALS 2ND HEARING
SAMPLE QUESTIONS FOR WITNESSES
You should be ready for anything.
Our opponents can be ruthless.
[exhales]
I have enough on my plate.
Why am I being asked to a briefing?
And why does it need to be me?
All the Babel contingents
should already know
what's happening. Honestly.
I'm sure there's a reason he called you.
I guess we'll know soon.
Kid, you better not blow this for us.
And talk like you have a brain.
Sorry?
Oh, yeah. Okay, okay.
No. The damn kid is an embarrassment.
[mocking]
"Sorry, yeah. Okay." You little…
-You think this is funny, huh?
-Uh, yeah. No. I mean--
Why in the world
was this brainless punk made partner?
[chuckles]
"Brainless." Okay.
[Mr. Han laughs sarcastically]
Isn't that funny? It's hilarious.
Be quiet, please.
[Mr. Han] This job is just a joke to him.
[groans]
[Ms. Choi] That's enough.
[lighter clicking]
So, what's our chance
of winning the trial?
If our witnesses testify well, I'd say…
40 percent.
Ooh…
Well, at least that's better
than the first trial.
Did you file the requests?
Yeah. They're probably looking them over
as we speak.
If the Haemun Medical Center Director
testifies, it's gonna be tough.
[sighs]
It would be great to have
a doctor on our side.
-Any news?
-As of last night,
we've been rejected by 56 doctors
by my count.
Industrial accident cases.
Nobody wants to talk.
We have witnesses.
I think they'll be safe from Babel.
Babel won't be able to buy them off.
-Well, they still might.
-They might what?
They might try to influence them
in other ways.
Then, we need to do that as well.
Don't you agree?
This is why it's so important to know
who your enemies are.
Because the enemy of my enemy
is my friend.
-[lighter clicks]
-[upbeat music]
Wow. Butterflies.
[shudders]
Influencing their witnesses
never occurred to me. How exciting!
So, let's find out
who their enemies really are.
[upbeat music crescendos]
[whispers]
[Mr. Han] Start.
I said, go.
[stammers, clears throat]
Test. Hi. I will begin the briefing.
-[chuckling]
-[remote beeps]
[sci-fi music plays]
THE SECRET OF BABEL
I will now reveal to you all
the secret of Babel.
Wow! The secret of Babel.
[nervous laugh]
This is meant to be
a sort of fun briefing.
51 YEARS AGO FROM NOW
Chairman Jang Guk-hwan,
he founded the Haemun Group,
now known as Babel, and he…
had two children.
[stammers]
[remote beeps]
He and his wife,
Hwang Suk-jin, had a boy.
But then, he…
had another son whose mother
was Seo Min-hui, a secretary.
He neglected his company…
for his own satisfaction.
[laughs, clears throat]
You need to stop this, Joon-woo.
Are you completely out of your mind?
-Get back.
-[clanging]
-I wouldn't--
-Wouldn't what?
-[Mr. Jang] Sit, sit, sit.
-I…
-[Mr. Jang] Now.
-[Mr. Han] Of course, sir.
[snickers]
And we're back.
Now, who is the second son?
It's Chairman Jang Han-seo!
[Joon-woo whooping]
-[Joon-woo] Isn't that wild?
-[laughs]
[Joon-woo laughs]
[nervous chuckle]
[laughs, claps]
So, who is the eldest son?
[sighs]
[Joon-woo] I'll give you a hint. He's
always been energetic and intelligent.
He's always been top of the class,
and maybe, not right at the top
of Stanford, but he did all right.
And to top it all off, he's been blessed
with plenty of charismatic charm.
[suspenseful music]
Oh, but who?
Who?
[laughs softly]
[suspenseful music]
WHO IS THE TRUE KING OF BABEL?
It's me.
Jang Joon-woo.
My… uh… oh.
Babel's true fearless leader is…
Jang Joon-woo!
[screams]
Han-seo, are you ready?
-[Joon-woo] ♪ The star is me ♪
-The star is me.
-♪ And it is so fine ♪
-But tonight…
-♪ Because Babel Group is all mine ♪
-…it's all fine, because Babel Group…
-♪ It's mine, it's mine ♪
-It's his!
[laughs]
Surprise.
-Babel Group is actually mine.
-[Mr. Jang] It's his.
-Yeah!
[both cheering]
[Joon-woo] You didn't know, right?
No one knew.
-You didn't know that, did you?
-[Mr. Jang] You had no idea!
-[Joon-woo] I fooled you.
-[Mr. Jang] I fooled you all!
Babel Group is actually mine!
[laughing, cheering]
Babel Group is mine!
It's mine!
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm sorry for all the disrespect
I've shown you.
[chuckles]
It's okay. I had fun.
Didn't you?
Yeah, so much fun.
It was like a rollercoaster.
Every day, up, down, up, down.
[chuckles]
[laughs softly]
-Sit, please. Sit.
-Of course.
And see here, I thought…
uh, we were two vacuums.
We do our best, but really just suck.
No, no. You don't suck at all, sir.
[nervous chuckle]
I'm proud to work alongside you.
No. I'm floored by your ingenuity.
I mean, you explode. Both of you.
With talent and charisma.
[laughs]
Drop it. Just be you.
[banging]
Be brainless.
"Brainless"? Oh, I see.
[laughs]
I sure do forget my brain sometimes.
I have so much to learn.
[nervous laugh]
Sir… Please teach me.
From this moment on, you will treat
the real chairman with respect.
And keep it a secret.
-Yes, sir.
-Come on. It doesn't matter…
who sits in the chair, hmm?
No, sir. Now that you've told us,
we will respect you properly as CEO.
[snickers]
So now, Ms. Choi…
Is it true you want
the Prosecution Office?
Yes.
Give me a list of people
that I would need to buy off,
and how much that would cost me.
I'll review the names,
and I'll buy them for you.
Yes, I'll submit it to you, sir.
[Joon-woo] Great. Moving on.
That pathetic trial yesterday
was a bust, and you did nothing.
Yeah, you guys at Wusang
have been slacking off lately.
He's been so patient with all of you.
I'm sorry, sir.
I promise it won't happen again, sir.
I heard that they used
to call you "The Butcher"
at your old job.
It would seem Vincenzo's the one
with the knife, not you.
You know about Vincenzo, sir?
Of course, I do.
You don't think I know
who blew up my warehouse?
Is he the one who put syringes
in my pillow?
If you can't handle him,
then, do what you did
with Mr. Hong and the researchers.
Just kill the guy.
It's so simple.
Sir, please trust us in this.
[laughs]
Hm.
Okay.
Sure.
Now, take good care of my little bro.
-He's a very good puppet, hmm?
-Yes, sir.
-Right?
-Yeah.
[nervous laugh]
Goodbye, sir.
[tense music]
[sighs]
[frustrated grunt]
[grunting]
[shrieks in anger]
[breathing heavily]
-[grunts, groans]
-[clanks]
[breathing heavily]
[Joon-woo] I heard they used to call you
"The Butcher."
It would seem Vincenzo's the one
with the knife, not you.
-[phone beeps]
-[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[Ms. Choi] Forget the plan.
We've got five hours to prepare a new one.
[man] Excuse me.
-Yes?
-Hello.
I was just wondering, aren't you the
treasurer of the Babel E&C victims' group?
Yes, that's right. Why?
-[thwacks]
-[groans]
[tense music]
PATIENT: LEE U-YEONG
DAECHANG DAILY
[Ms. Choi]
And make sure that the story is reported
on the 6:00 a.m. morning news.
-[phone buzzes]
-[gasps]
-[buzzing continues]
-[groans]
Mr. Nam, you woke me up.
[Mr. Nam] You need to turn on the news
right now!
According to an exclusive
by Daechang Daily,
members of the Babel E&C victims' group
have been embezzling donations
for the past two years.
What the hell is this?
SECURITY AREA
RESTRICTED ACCESS
[man 1] Look. Please, Detective.
You have to understand,
we didn't know about this.
[whimpering]
Oh, thank goodness.
Ms. Hong, please help us.
But what's happening?
-[detective] Are you their lawyer?
-Yes.
Did you have any proof
when you arrested them?
Well…
-[woman gasps]
-[detective] Why don't you tell me?
We found cash everywhere,
from their cars and houses,
to the ceiling of their office.
They embezzled the donations.
Who told you they did?
Their treasurer.
-[detective] He confessed.
-[gasps]
He said he was coerced into tampering
with the books and they made him do it.
-No.
-It's just not true.
We're being falsely accused.
Nobody knew anything.
[man 1] I promise we had nothing
to do with this.
-[man 2] You have to believe us.
-[man 3] We're innocent.
[woman 1]
We would never do something like that.
You know us, Ms. Hong. We're innocent.
Please. Please help us.
I don't know what really happened,
but we're innocent. I promise.
[exhales sharply]
[Cha-young sighs]
[exhales]
Choi Myung-hee should try
her hand in movies.
She's got a real knack
for directing stuff like this.
I mean, they just believe
whatever she tells them.
Our Ms. Myung-hee has the power
to make her stories impossible to ignore.
[sighs]
We need them to testify,
but they won't be allowed to now.
Even if the judge clears them to testify,
she'll just tear them to shreds.
It's a no win.
Then, U-yeong's our only chance,
and he's still in the hospital.
[phone buzzes]
Yes, Mr. Nam.
The court gave me a call a minute ago.
Our witnesses were denied?
[Mr. Nam] Yes, and…
U-yeong, Mr. Lee, was denied too.
U-yeong was denied? Why?
MR. NAM JU-SUNG
He was given a drug test at the hospital
and tested positive for methamphetamine.
They're launching an investigation.
I don't believe it.
-[scoffs]
-Talk to you later, Mr. Nam.
[groans, laughs]
Unbelievable!
It's like she thought of everything.
Are we sure she's not a mob boss?
Even the Mafia wouldn't do
that sort of thing.
[sighs]
[Joon-woo] Cha-young.
What? You came to rub our faces in it?
What? Who do you think I am?
I'm here to prepare for my briefing.
-Go, do your job then.
-Cha-young.
Come back to Wusang.
[chuckles]
-Are you the new boss?
-His messenger.
He said that you and Ms. Choi
will be treated as equals.
[exclaims]
Was it the giant hornets
that made him want me?
No, thanks.
Why are you wasting your talent
on something like this?
-Babel is not your enemy.
-Why so serious?
[Cha-young] You're hardly intimidating.
[Joon-woo] Why would you ruin
your life for nothing?
What's the point?
-[scoffs]
-Plus…
I don't really appreciate your methods
ever since you two got together.
[Cha-young] Joon-woo…
you need to watch what you say, okay?
You're crossing a line.
I'm just worried about my friend
getting hurt.
Hm. Don't care. Just focus on your job.
Let's try to figure something out.
Sir.
Hmm.
You ever hear…
that old saying… What was it?
"Don't try to dig…
your own grave." Yeah?
I preferred if she was kept safe.
And I preferred if you stopped
dragging her down with you.
[chuckles]
I believe that you're a very smart person.
And very smart people can understand
when it's time to give up.
[scoffs]
Two things about that.
You're right. We are digging a grave.
A grave that's intended for someone else.
Second, it's not about knowing
when to give up, is it?
A truly smart person knows
when their enemy is on the ropes.
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
Wusang is teaching you well.
You'll make it one day.
[Vincenzo laughs]
I'll see you around.
[tense music]
[Cha-young sighs]
They murder my father, and now they…
want me?
Those dirty sons of bitches.
[sighs]
We should probably give up after all that.
Come on.
You don't have any words of encouragement?
Optimism or a silver lining?
Optimism.
Like, uh…
"If you let this war go, you can be free."
How is that helpful to me?
[frustrated sigh]
Damn it! This is impossible.
I've lost.
I've got no one.
I guess that's life. We're all alone.
I'm walking back to the office.
You should catch the bus or something.
[Cha-young scoffs, cheers]
[Cha-young] I guess I'll just
cross-examine myself in court. All alone.
Oh! What am I going to wear?
5 DAYS LATER
SECOND HEARING
[indistinct chatter]
-[door closes]
-[Mr. Han laughs]
[grunts]
Oh.
-Thanks, boss.
-[laughs]
No, no. Go ahead. I insist.
[laughs]
Hi, Cha-young.
DEFENDANT'S TABLE
So they have no witnesses?
Of course not. They were all denied.
Okay.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
What is that thing?
-Protestor?
-[Ms. Choi] A beekeeper.
The judge called him in.
Just to be on the safe side.
He said he's a little scared.
[laughs]
Oh, my goodness, Chairman Jang.
Sir! Hello, sir.
-Go. Go.
-I'll sit here.
[chuckles]
[Mr. Han] Okay.
Oh, Ms. Choi, thank you in advance.
Well…
[clears throat]
Once we can get Director Gil
from Haemun up on the stand,
that'll put this to bed for good… sir.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
[suspenseful music]
[bailiff] All rise.
[suspenseful music fades out]
[clicks tongue]
Hmm.
[Judge Heo] You may be seated.
[exhales]
WITNESS STAND
Therefore, the plaintiff's claims
are patently absurd.
[Mr. Gil]
None of them were in perfect health.
All of them were smokers and drinkers.
And you can see these trends
reflected in all employees there.
The defense rests.
[sighs]
As for your witnesses,
they've all been denied, counsel.
I think that about wraps it all up
for you, doesn't it?
[Cha-young] Your Honor…
I have a surprise witness to summon.
Highly unusual, counsel.
Is this a joke?
[Judge Heo] Well…
does this witness
have any pertinent information?
Yes, Your Honor. He absolutely
has valuable evidence.
Well, then…
Counsel…
you may bring them in.
Bring forward…
my surprise.
[suspenseful music]
[clinking]
[suspenseful music continues]
I would like to call Vincenzo Cassano
to the stand, Your Honor.
[thrilling music]
[upbeat music]
[Vincenzo]
I still have an ace up my sleeve.
-[man] No, don't!
-[Vincenzo] But I've to play it sometime.
I don't care how creative you have to get,
deal with Vincenzo Cassano!
[Joon-woo]
Take her for everything she's got.
[Ms. Choi] Then you do something.
Just shut up and finish this.
[Mr. Cho] The residents may get hurt.
[Vincenzo] They're bound to leave traces
even if they're invisible.
That's our chance.
I present to you this critical evidence.
-I'll see you in hell.
-[heart monitor beeping]
[Vincenzo] You have to pay
for what you've done.
-[gun cocks]
-[screams]
And they will pay no matter what.